fix: move CDP_API_KEY_PRIVATE_KEY parsing into CDP classes (#418)
coinbase/agentkit: typescript/agentkit/CHANGELOG.md

- Added `get_balance` to `splActionProvider` to fetch balance of an SPL token.
- Added support for Privy Server Wallets on Solana. See [here](https://github.com/coinbase/agentkit/blob/main/typescript/agentkit/README.md#privywalletprovider-solana) for more details.

### Fixed

> - Fixed `CDP_API_KEY_PRIVATE_KEY` by moving parsing into CDB classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed handling of `CDP_API_KEY_PRIVATE_KEY` by moving parsing into CDP classes.
```

> - Fixed `CDP_API_KEY_PRIVATE_KEY` by moving parsing into CDB classes.

Reviewer 2: please move to `Unreleased` section
